Added Dash0 link for observability (#4413)
timescale/docs: integrations/index.md

|:------------------------------------------------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|            <img isIcon src='https://assets.timescale.com/docs/icons/cloudwatch-logo.png' alt='cloudwatch-logo' />[Amazon Cloudwatch][cloudwatch]             | Collect, analyze, and act on data from applications, infrastructure, and services running in AWS and on-premises environments.                            |
|         <img isIcon src='https://assets.timescale.com/docs/icons/skywalking-logo.png' alt='skywalking-logo' />[Apache SkyWalking][apache-skywalking]         | Monitor, trace, and diagnose distributed applications for improved observability. You can also [set up $PG as storage][apache-skywalking-storage]. |
|             <img isIcon src='https://assets.timescale.com/docs/icons/azure-monitor-logo.png' alt='azure-monitor-logo' />[Azure Monitor][azure-monitor]             | Collect and analyze telemetry data from cloud and on-premises environments.   

> |                   <img isIcon src='https://assets.timescale.com/docs/icons/dash0-logo.png' alt='datadog-logo' />[Dash0][dash0]                   | OpenTelemetry Native Observability, built on CNCF Open Standards such as PromQL, Perses and OTLP with full cost contro      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                   <img isIcon src='https://assets.timescale.com/docs/icons/dash0-logo.png' alt='dash0-logo' />[Dash0][dash0]                   | OpenTelemetry Native Observability, built on CNCF Open Standards like PromQL, Perses, and OTLP, and offering full cost control.     |
```

[confluent-source]: https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/connectors/cc-postgresql-source.html
[cube-js]: https://cube.dev/integrations/Timescale-API
[data-center]: /integrations/:currentVersion:/corporate-data-center

> [dash0]: https://www.dash0.com/hub/integrations/int_postgresql/overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dash0]: https://www.dash0.com/hub/integrations/timescaledb/overview
```
